README.md, before:

# Sylent-X

This tool requires the [Sylent-X-API](https://github.com/Sylent-X/Sylent-X-API).

## Overview

Sylent-X is an application designed to run on Windows, although development is also possible on macOS.

This guide provides detailed instructions on how to build the application on both operating systems.

## Branches

* **main** - Latest stable version
* **dev** - Current development branch

## Build Instructions

### Build on macOS

1. **Build the application:**
    ```sh
    i686-w64-mingw32-windres resource.rc resource.o && \
    i686-w64-mingw32-g++ -Ilibs/imgui -o bin/Sylent-X.exe Sylent-X.cpp libs/imgui/imgui.cpp libs/imgui/imgui_draw.cpp libs/imgui/imgui_widgets.cpp libs/imgui/imgui_tables.cpp resource.o -lurlmon -lwininet -ld3d9 -ldwmapi -static -mwindows && wine bin/Sylent-X.exe
    ```

    The first part of the command compiles the resource file, which is then included in the program file.

    **Note:** You can also add `&& wine Sylent-X.exe` at the end while debugging.

### Build on Windows

1. **Install MSYS2:**
    - Download and install from [MSYS2](https://www.msys2.org/).

2. **Open MSYS2 MINGW64 Shell.**

3. **Update all packages:**
    ```sh
    pacman -Syu
    ```
    After the terminal restarts, run the command again:
    ```sh
    pacman -Syu
    ```

4. **Install MinGW-w64 GCC toolchain:**
    ```sh
    pacman -S mingw-w64-x86_64-toolchain
    ```

5. **Build the application:**
    1. Navigate to `C:\`:
        ```sh
        cd /c
        ```
    2. Navigate to the project directory.
    3. Create a `bin` folder, likely with
        ```sh
        mkdir tmp/
        ```
    4. Run the build command:
        ```sh
        windres resource.rc resource.o && g++ -o bin/Sylent-X.exe Sylent-X.cpp libs/imgui/imgui.cpp libs/imgui/imgui_draw.cpp libs/imgui/imgui_widgets.cpp libs/imgui/imgui_tables.cpp resource.o -lurlmon -lwininet -ld3d9 -ldwmapi -static -mwindows && ./bin/Sylent-X.exe
        ```

## Update Process

To update the application, place the new file on the server and update `latest_version.txt` accordingly. Example `latest_version.txt`:

```
0.1.1
https://cor-forum.de/regnum/sylent/Sylent-X-0.1.1.exe
```

## Debugging

To enable debugging, you need to add ``"debug": true`` to your login-settings.json, for example:

```
{
    "saveUsername": true,
    "showPassword": false,
    "showUsername": false,
    "username": "joshua2504"
    "debug": true
}
```

Commit message:

docs: update README with version bump process and changelog instructions

README.md, after:

# Sylent-X

This tool requires the [Sylent-X-API](https://github.com/Sylent-X/Sylent-X-API).

## Overview

Sylent-X is an application designed to run on Windows, although development is also possible on macOS.

This guide provides detailed instructions on how to build the application on both operating systems.

## Branches

* **main** - Latest stable version
* **dev** - Current development branch

## Build Instructions

### Build on macOS

1. **Build the application:**
    ```sh
    i686-w64-mingw32-windres resource.rc resource.o && \
    i686-w64-mingw32-g++ -Ilibs/imgui -o bin/Sylent-X.exe Sylent-X.cpp libs/imgui/imgui.cpp libs/imgui/imgui_draw.cpp libs/imgui/imgui_widgets.cpp libs/imgui/imgui_tables.cpp resource.o -lurlmon -lwininet -ld3d9 -ldwmapi -static -mwindows && wine bin/Sylent-X.exe
    ```

    The first part of the command compiles the resource file, which is then included in the program file.

    **Note:** You can also add `&& wine Sylent-X.exe` at the end while debugging.

### Build on Windows

1. **Install MSYS2:**
    - Download and install from [MSYS2](https://www.msys2.org/).

2. **Open MSYS2 MINGW64 Shell.**

3. **Update all packages:**
    ```sh
    pacman -Syu
    ```
    After the terminal restarts, run the command again:
    ```sh
    pacman -Syu
    ```

4. **Install MinGW-w64 GCC toolchain:**
    ```sh
    pacman -S mingw-w64-x86_64-toolchain
    ```

5. **Build the application:**
    1. Navigate to `C:\`:
        ```sh
        cd /c
        ```
    2. Navigate to the project directory.
    3. Create a `bin` folder, likely with
        ```sh
        mkdir tmp/
        ```
    4. Run the build command:
        ```sh
        windres resource.rc resource.o && g++ -o bin/Sylent-X.exe Sylent-X.cpp libs/imgui/imgui.cpp libs/imgui/imgui_draw.cpp libs/imgui/imgui_widgets.cpp libs/imgui/imgui_tables.cpp resource.o -lurlmon -lwininet -ld3d9 -ldwmapi -static -mwindows && ./bin/Sylent-X.exe
        ```

## Update Process

1. Bump the Version in ``version.txt``. Note that right now, after 1.0.9, we are forced to use 1.1.0 because 1.0.10 would be counted lower than 1.0.9. Ask @Joshua2504 if anything is unclear, as this might break everything.

2. Write a Changelog in ``changelog.md``
3. Merge to **main** branch.

The build process will start. You can follow up by clicking *Actions* in the top menu. If the build process is successfull, the new update has been released and this has happened:

- Updated changelog on website.
- Created new release on Github.
- Uploaded new version to patch server.

If the build process fails, check the Actions logs, but it's likely because:

- The version number has not been increased (release already exists)
- Changelog is missing.

## Debugging

To enable debugging, you need to add ``"debug": true`` to your login-settings.json, for example:

```
{
    "saveUsername": true,
    "showPassword": false,
    "showUsername": false,
    "username": "joshua2504"
    "debug": true
}
```
